README.md, before:

# @percy/cypress
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@percy/cypress.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@percy/cypress)
![Test](https://github.com/percy/percy-cypress/workflows/Test/badge.svg)

[Percy](https://percy.io) visual testing for [Cypress](https://cypress.io).

## Installation

```sh-session
$ npm install --save-dev @percy/cli @percy/cypress
```

Then add to your `cypress/support/index.js` file

```javascript
import '@percy/cypress'
```

## Usage

This is an example using the `cy.percySnapshot` command.

```javascript
describe('My app', () => {
  it('should look good', () => {
    cy.get('body').should('have.class', 'finished-loading');
    cy.percySnapshot();

    cy.get('button').click();
    cy.percySnapshot('Clicked button');
  });
});
```

Running the test above will result in the following log:

```sh-session
$ cypress run
...
[percy] Percy is not running, disabling snapshots
```

When running with [`percy
exec`](https://github.com/percy/cli/tree/master/packages/cli-exec#percy-exec), and your project's
`PERCY_TOKEN`, a new Percy build will be created and snapshots will be uploaded to your project.

```sh-session
$ export PERCY_TOKEN=[your-project-token]
$ percy exec -- cypress run
[percy] Percy has started!
[percy] Created build #1: https://percy.io/[your-project]
[percy] Running "cypress run"
...
[percy] Snapshot taken "My app should look good"
[percy] Snapshot taken "Clicked button"
...
[percy] Stopping percy...
[percy] Finalized build #1: https://percy.io/[your-project]
[percy] Done!
```

## Configuration

`cy.percySnapshot([name][, options])`

- `name` - The snapshot name; must be unique to each snapshot; defaults to the full test title
- `options` - [See per-snapshot configuration options](https://docs.percy.io/docs/cli-configuration#per-snapshot-configuration)

## Upgrading

### Automatically with `@percy/migrate`

We built a tool to help automate migrating to the new CLI toolchain! Migrating
can be done by running the following commands and following the prompts:

``` shell
$ npx @percy/migrate
? Are you currently using @percy/cypress? Yes
? Install @percy/cli (required to run percy)? Yes
? Migrate Percy config file? Yes
? Upgrade SDK to @percy/cypress@3.0.0? Yes
```

This will automatically run the changes described below for you.

### Manually

#### Installing `@percy/cli`

If you're coming from a pre-3.0 version of this package, make sure to install `@percy/cli` after
upgrading to retain any existing scripts that reference the Percy CLI command.

```sh-session
$ npm install --save-dev @percy/cli
```

#### Removing tasks

If you're coming from 2.x the health check task, `@percy/cypress/task`, is no longer needed and no
longer exists. You should remove this task from your `cypress/plugins/index.js` file.

#### Migrating Config

If you have a previous Percy configuration file, migrate it to the newest version with the
[`config:migrate`](https://github.com/percy/cli/tree/master/packages/cli-config#percy-configmigrate-filepath-output) command:

```sh-session
$ percy config:migrate
```

Commit message:

adding support for percyThrowErrorOnFailure , by default it will be false (#803)
* adding support for throwErrorOnFailure, by default it will be false

* update readme and test fux

* test fix

* test fix

* test fix

* ignoring the thowing of error

* ignoring throwing error from cypress

* adding PERCY_THROW_ERROR_ON_FAILURE variable as a global on cypress env

* adding PERCY_THROW_ERROR_ON_FAILURE on config level

* adding test on failure

README.md, after:

# @percy/cypress
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@percy/cypress.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@percy/cypress)
![Test](https://github.com/percy/percy-cypress/workflows/Test/badge.svg)

[Percy](https://percy.io) visual testing for [Cypress](https://cypress.io).

## Installation

```sh-session
$ npm install --save-dev @percy/cli @percy/cypress
```

Then add to your `cypress/support/index.js` file

```javascript
import '@percy/cypress'
```

## Usage

This is an example using the `cy.percySnapshot` command.

```javascript
describe('My app', () => {
  it('should look good', () => {
    cy.get('body').should('have.class', 'finished-loading');
    cy.percySnapshot();

    cy.get('button').click();
    cy.percySnapshot('Clicked button');
  });
});
```

Running the test above will result in the following log:

```sh-session
$ cypress run
...
[percy] Percy is not running, disabling snapshots
```

When running with [`percy
exec`](https://github.com/percy/cli/tree/master/packages/cli-exec#percy-exec), and your project's
`PERCY_TOKEN`, a new Percy build will be created and snapshots will be uploaded to your project.

```sh-session
$ export PERCY_TOKEN=[your-project-token]
$ percy exec -- cypress run
[percy] Percy has started!
[percy] Created build #1: https://percy.io/[your-project]
[percy] Running "cypress run"
...
[percy] Snapshot taken "My app should look good"
[percy] Snapshot taken "Clicked button"
...
[percy] Stopping percy...
[percy] Finalized build #1: https://percy.io/[your-project]
[percy] Done!
```

## Configuration

`cy.percySnapshot([name][, options])`

- `name` - The snapshot name; must be unique to each snapshot; defaults to the full test title
- `options` - [See per-snapshot configuration options](https://docs.percy.io/docs/cli-configuration#per-snapshot-configuration)

## Cypress Config
- `percyThrowErrorOnFailure` - If set to true, it will throw an error when one is encountered. By default, it is set to false, and errors are suppressed.
If you are using uncaught exeception then test test will pass.
```
cy.on("uncaught:exception", (e, runnable) => {});

```

## Upgrading

### Automatically with `@percy/migrate`

We built a tool to help automate migrating to the new CLI toolchain! Migrating
can be done by running the following commands and following the prompts:

``` shell
$ npx @percy/migrate
? Are you currently using @percy/cypress? Yes
? Install @percy/cli (required to run percy)? Yes
? Migrate Percy config file? Yes
? Upgrade SDK to @percy/cypress@3.0.0? Yes
```

This will automatically run the changes described below for you.

### Manually

#### Installing `@percy/cli`

If you're coming from a pre-3.0 version of this package, make sure to install `@percy/cli` after
upgrading to retain any existing scripts that reference the Percy CLI command.

```sh-session
$ npm install --save-dev @percy/cli
```

#### Removing tasks

If you're coming from 2.x the health check task, `@percy/cypress/task`, is no longer needed and no
longer exists. You should remove this task from your `cypress/plugins/index.js` file.

#### Migrating Config

If you have a previous Percy configuration file, migrate it to the newest version with the
[`config:migrate`](https://github.com/percy/cli/tree/master/packages/cli-config#percy-configmigrate-filepath-output) command:

```sh-session
$ percy config:migrate
```
